Add missing null-check for user-role in user-popover-component. (#19774)
directus/directus: .changeset/sharp-lemons-admire.md

---
'@directus/app': patch
---

> Resolve issue rendering the user-popover for users without a role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed rendering the user-popover for users without a role
```
